Welcome back.
Now, what I'm going to talk about is that I'm going to talk about one of the worst attacks that could
happen to your website, which is the cross-site scripting, also known as excess attacks.
So what is this type of attack?
This type of attack happens when a hacker injects an external go to your website or to the output of
your website.
So it might sound easy, but it's a little complicated.
Complicated.
So the user with the the hacker would first study your website and try to find some problems in your
code or tries to mess around with your website in order to find a way to inject a code into your website
or into the output of your website.
But this is going to hurt your users.
So the the hacker would normally inject a code and that good would which would hurt other users who
use your website.
So for example let me here show you what could the user what could the hacker do.
So a hacker could inject some code.
So, for example, suppose that you have a year, this is your website and you have a year, say a form
year and you have a year about.
So this is about an.
This is a button.
And this is a form.
So here a hacker is.
Here, let me explain this.
So a hacker.
A hacker would.
Inject a code instead of instead of typing something to to insert something, something into your your
database or your website.
A hacker would inject a code.
So that could be, for example, JavaScript.
It could be JavaScript.
It could be any code.
It could be.
I usually Java script is the one that is usually used for these types of attack.
So a hacker would inject a JavaScript code and whenever another person say that here you have some person
here user.
Normal user.
This is a normal user and this is a normal user and this is another normal user.
So we have here three users.
So these users would use your application with just without any problems.
They would just head on over to your website and use your application.
However, the card that has been injected by the hacker record that has been injected by this hacker.
Exists in your website.
It exists somewhere in your website or in your database.
Therefore, when these users when these users attempt you to use your website, they the this card would
be displayed to them or would be injected into their browsers some way, and they will get hurt by this.
That code could simply steal their credentials.
It could steal their.
Maybe their.
Their emails.
It could steal their emails, it could steal cookies, which is very common.
They say this type of attack is very common, is is associated with cookies.
Many hackers do this in order to get cookies which contain which usually contain important information.
Also sessions it could get sessions from.
From you.
It could get any type of important, let's say, important or sensitive.
And for.
So this is called cross-site scripting.
It's a way of injecting according to your website.
And that could will either be stored somewhere in your in in the website itself or in your database.
And whenever somebody comes over to your website and uses your website, that could would hurt them.